In the last lecture we already used Engy model and those not only needed to use two way data mining
energy model also is a directive and directive basically is a command or an instruction you place in
your template in your HVM code so to say which engorge you will recognize when compiling your template
and which will lead angler to do certain things.
For example here in this case to use two way bindings since we enclosed it in square brackets and parentheses
there are also our directives.
Let's go to the users component.
Let's say we want to show some extra info here but only after a button was clicked.
So we can at the Spartan show info and I'll add a click listener which should somehow allow us to show
extra info or add here some extra user information.
In this paragraph no this should not be shown at all time.
We can't control this with a directive which such instruction the directive we need is called Engy ith
an asked name kind of implies it controlled.
If this paragraph should be shown or not recognized to start at the beginning this signals that this
is a structural directive and a structural directive simply is a command directive which changes the
structure of your dorm and it does because it decides if this paragraph exists or not.
Clearly having an impact on your dom structure now to control this.
I'll set up a property in the typescript class and I'll name it to show info and set this to false initially.
Now I can bind this to show info to this property and NGF expect to get back.
True or false as a result of code you execute between the quotation marks so show info clearly gives
it back for.
In this case.
Now once you click on the button I want to set show info equal to true.
So you showed as additional info.
If we now save this and I click on the show info you'll see some extra user information because now
the property change to true and if added this paragraph and I mean added.
If we really load the page and inspect it here you will see that if you go to that part in your application.
So in the app users component the load button you only see that comment which seems to be important
for you to know where to insert content but you don't see the paragraph.
It's not hidden it's not transparent it's just not there only for click show info.
You'll see that it was added.
This again is why it's called structural directive.
It really changes the structure of your dorm.
It added a new element to it.
Now there are other directives too.
For example you also have Angi for to loop through a loop of elements.
So if we had a couple of users here and we would have simple an array of strings let's say like this
we might want to output all those names.
We can do this with energy for and there decode would be the code you know from a normal ESX for loop.
Well that user this name is totally up to you.
Off users and users of course refers to the users property.
This will loop through all the users and bind the individual user to the user variable here.
And then we can use it user like this and this will now output to the user and it will replicate the
paragraph as often as needed three times in this case.
Therefore deciles is a structural directive indicated by the star because it creates new paragraphs
as needed.
Now as you can see here Max and and Chris and if we were to add a new element to this list dynamically
at runtime this would all be output here.
So these are two very important structural directives.
There also are attributes directives.
So for example if we have a paragraph where we say this is Green Well we could simply achieve this by
adding style equals and then background color green of course.
Now let's say we want to set the style dynamically though we could still do it with string interpellation
somehow.
But there also is a useful directive Engy style you probably already recognize the pattern if the name
starts with Engy it ships with angular now Engy style.
Need some information to work correctly.
So we need to pass in some data and we do pass some data by using property binding like this with the
square brackets.
I then need to pass in a javascript object here.
And here you simply configure your styles.
So for example background color enclosed in single quotation marks to make it a valid javascript property
name could be green.
Now again this could have been achieved with just style equals background color green.
But imagine this is not referring to a normal text here but instead we would have to color which is
green and which we may change at runtime.
We don't do it here but we could do that.
Well then you can simply bind two color in here and set up your styles very dynamic therefore.
Now this is called attribute directive because it simply changes the element.
It sits on.
It's not adding or removing elements to or from the dawn.
It simply changes the element it's placed on.
So if that you see this is a green background color and this is due to ngi style and there are other
built in directives too.
These are just some examples.
And if you want to learn more about that you really should have a look at a dedicated Angler or two
course